Updated Minutes for 21st January (#29)
astro-group-bristol/black-hole-journal-club: README.md

  - 3D mapping of Sgr A clouds to generate complex cloud compositions and models.
- [The properties of GSN 069 accretion disk from a joint X-ray and UV spectral analysis: stress-testing quasi-periodic eruption models](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2501.03333) (Guolo et al., 01-2025)
  - Looks at TDE
- [X-ray Dips and Polarization Angle Swings in GX 13+1](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2501.05511) (Di Marco et al., 01-2025)
  - Polarisation angle is changing over time
- [Markarian 590: The AGN Awakens](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2501.07225) (Palit et al., 01-2025)
  - A changing look AGN that is awakening to a type 1
  - Soft X-ray jump of factor of about 10
  - Complexes in optical spectra
- [Multi-wavelength observations of a jet launch in real time from the post-changing-look Active Galaxy 1ES 1927+654](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2501.02340) (Laha et al., 01-2025)
  - Jet swicth on and QPO

Presented Paper:

[Continuum Reverberation in Active Galactic Nuclei Disks Only With Sufficient X-ray Luminosity and Low Albedo](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.06304) (Secunda et al., 01-2025)

>   - Weakly correlated X-ray & UV light curves -> Problamatic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Weakly correlated X-ray & UV light curves -> Problematic for the standard Reverberation Mapping models
```
